= Learning Dashboard API REST Documentation
v3.3, {docdate}
:toc: left

:sectnums:

== Introduction
Learning dashboard RESTful services


== Strategic Indicators

=== Get current evaluation

operation::si/current[snippets='request-parameters,curl-request,response-fields,http-response']

:numbered!:
==== HTTP response wrong project
include::{snippets}/alerts/get-all-wrong-project/http-response.adoc[]

==== HTTP response categories error
include::{snippets}/si/current-conflict/http-response.adoc[]

==== HTTP response error on MongoDB connection
include::{snippets}/si/current-read-error/http-response.adoc[]
:numbered:


=== Get one current evaluation

operation::si/single-current[snippets='path-parameters,request-parameters,curl-request,response-fields,http-response']

:numbered!:
==== HTTP response wrong project
include::{snippets}/alerts/get-all-wrong-project/http-response.adoc[]

==== HTTP response categories error
include::{snippets}/si/single-current-conflict/http-response.adoc[]

==== HTTP response error on MongoDB connection
include::{snippets}/si/single-current-read-error/http-response.adoc[]
:numbered:


=== Get historical evaluation

operation::si/historical[snippets='request-parameters,curl-request,response-fields,http-response']

:numbered!:
==== HTTP response wrong project
include::{snippets}/alerts/get-all-wrong-project/http-response.adoc[]

==== HTTP response categories error
include::{snippets}/si/historical-conflict/http-response.adoc[]

==== HTTP response error on MongoDB connection
include::{snippets}/si/historical-read-error/http-response.adoc[]
:numbered:

=== Get current and historical evaluation

operation::si/current_and_historical[snippets='request-parameters,curl-request,response-fields,http-response']

:numbered!:
==== HTTP response wrong project
include::{snippets}/alerts/get-all-wrong-project/http-response.adoc[]

==== HTTP response categories error
include::{snippets}/si/historical-conflict/http-response.adoc[]

==== HTTP response error on MongoDB connection
include::{snippets}/si/historical-read-error/http-response.adoc[]
:numbered:


=== Get prediction evaluation

operation::si/prediction[snippets='request-parameters,curl-request,response-fields,http-response']

:numbered!:
==== HTTP response wrong project
include::{snippets}/alerts/get-all-wrong-project/http-response.adoc[]
:numbered:


=== Get detailed current evaluation

operation::si/detailed-current[snippets='request-parameters,curl-request,response-fields,http-response']

:numbered!:
==== HTTP response wrong project
include::{snippets}/alerts/get-all-wrong-project/http-response.adoc[]

==== HTTP response error on MongoDB connection
include::{snippets}/si/detailed-current-read-error/http-response.adoc[]
:numbered:


=== Get one detailed current evaluation

operation::si/detailed-single-current[snippets='path-parameters,request-parameters,curl-request,response-fields,http-response']

:numbered!:
==== HTTP response wrong project
include::{snippets}/alerts/get-all-wrong-project/http-response.adoc[]

==== HTTP response error on MongoDB connection
include::{snippets}/si/detailed-single-current-read-error/http-response.adoc[]
:numbered:


=== Get detailed historical evaluation

operation::si/detailed-historical[snippets='request-parameters,curl-request,response-fields,http-response']

:numbered!:
==== HTTP response wrong project
include::{snippets}/alerts/get-all-wrong-project/http-response.adoc[]

==== HTTP response error on MongoDB connection
include::{snippets}/si/detailed-historical-read-error/http-response.adoc[]
:numbered:


=== Get one detailed historical evaluation

operation::si/detailed-single-historical[snippets='path-parameters,request-parameters,curl-request,response-fields,http-response']

:numbered!:
==== HTTP response wrong project
include::{snippets}/alerts/get-all-wrong-project/http-response.adoc[]

==== HTTP response error on MongoDB connection
include::{snippets}/si/detailed-single-historical-read-error/http-response.adoc[]
:numbered:


=== Get detailed prediction evaluation

operation::si/detailed-prediction[snippets='request-parameters,curl-request,response-fields,http-response']

:numbered!:
==== HTTP response wrong project
include::{snippets}/alerts/get-all-wrong-project/http-response.adoc[]
:numbered:


=== Get one detailed prediction evaluation

operation::si/detailed-single-prediction[snippets='path-parameters,request-parameters,curl-request,response-fields,http-response']

:numbered!:
==== HTTP response wrong project
include::{snippets}/alerts/get-all-wrong-project/http-response.adoc[]
:numbered:


=== Get all strategic indicators

operation::si/get-all[snippets='request-parameters,curl-request,response-fields,http-response']


=== Get one strategic indicator

operation::si/get-one[snippets='path-parameters,curl-request,response-fields,http-response']


=== Add strategic indicator

operation::si/new[snippets='request-parameters,request-parts,curl-request,http-response']

:numbered!:
==== HTTP response assessment error
include::{snippets}/si/new-error/http-response.adoc[]
:numbered:


=== Update strategic indicator

operation::si/update[snippets='request-parameters,request-parts,curl-request,http-response']

:numbered!:
==== HTTP response missing parameter
include::{snippets}/si/update-missing-params/http-response.adoc[]

==== HTTP response data integrity violation
include::{snippets}/si/update-data-integrity-violation/http-response.adoc[]

==== HTTP response assessment error
include::{snippets}/si/update-assessment-error/http-response.adoc[]
:numbered:


=== Delete strategic indicator

operation::si/delete-one[snippets='path-parameters,curl-request,http-response']


=== Fetch strategic indicators

operation::si/fetch[snippets='curl-request,http-response']


=== Assess strategic indicators

operation::si/assess[snippets='request-parameters,curl-request,http-response']

:numbered!:
==== HTTP response bad parameter
include::{snippets}/si/assess-param-error/http-response.adoc[]

==== HTTP response assessment error
include::{snippets}/si/assess-error/http-response.adoc[]
:numbered:


=== Simulate strategic indicators assessment

operation::si/simulation[snippets='request-parameters,curl-request,response-fields,http-response']

:numbered!:
==== HTTP response simulation error
include::{snippets}/si/simulation-error/http-response.adoc[]
:numbered:


=== Get quality model

operation::si/quality-model[snippets='request-parameters,curl-request,response-fields,http-response']


=== Get strategic indicator categories

operation::si/categories[snippets='curl-request,response-fields,http-response']


=== Set strategic indicator categories

operation::si/categories-new[snippets='request-fields,curl-request,http-response']

:numbered!:
==== HTTP response not enough categories
include::{snippets}/si/categories-new-error/http-response.adoc[]
:numbered:



== Quality Factors

=== Import factors

operation::qualityFactors/import[snippets='curl-request,http-response']

=== Get current evaluation

operation::qf/all[snippets='request-parameters,curl-request,response-fields,http-response']

:numbered!:

==== HTTP response wrong project
include::{snippets}/alerts/get-all-wrong-project/http-response.adoc[]

==== HTTP response error on MongoDB connection
include::{snippets}/si/detailed-single-historical-read-error/http-response.adoc[]

:numbered:

=== Get one current evaluation

operation::qf/single[snippets='path-parameters,request-parameters,curl-request,response-fields,http-response']

:numbered!:

==== HTTP response wrong project
include::{snippets}/alerts/get-all-wrong-project/http-response.adoc[]

==== HTTP response error on MongoDB connection
include::{snippets}/si/detailed-single-historical-read-error/http-response.adoc[]

:numbered:

=== Get historical evaluation

operation::qualityFactors/historical[snippets='request-parameters,curl-request,response-fields,http-response']

:numbered!:
==== HTTP response wrong project
include::{snippets}/alerts/get-all-wrong-project/http-response.adoc[]

==== HTTP response error on MongoDB connection
include::{snippets}/qualityFactors/historical-read-error/http-response.adoc[]
:numbered:

=== Get prediction evaluation

operation::qualityFactors/prediction[snippets='request-parameters,curl-request,response-fields,http-response']

:numbered!:

==== HTTP response wrong project
include::{snippets}/alerts/get-all-wrong-project/http-response.adoc[]

==== HTTP response error on MongoDB connection
include::{snippets}/si/detailed-single-historical-read-error/http-response.adoc[]

:numbered:

=== Get detailed current evaluation

operation::qf/current[snippets='request-parameters,curl-request,response-fields,http-response']

:numbered!:

==== HTTP response wrong project
include::{snippets}/alerts/get-all-wrong-project/http-response.adoc[]

==== HTTP response error on MongoDB connection
include::{snippets}/si/detailed-single-historical-read-error/http-response.adoc[]

:numbered:

=== Get one detailed current evaluation

operation::metrics/current-qf[snippets='path-parameters,request-parameters,curl-request,response-fields,http-response']

:numbered!:

==== HTTP response wrong project
include::{snippets}/alerts/get-all-wrong-project/http-response.adoc[]

==== HTTP response error on MongoDB connection
include::{snippets}/si/detailed-single-historical-read-error/http-response.adoc[]

:numbered:


=== Get detailed current evaluation for strategic indicator

operation::qf/current-si[snippets='path-parameters,request-parameters,curl-request,response-fields,http-response']

:numbered!:

==== HTTP response wrong project
include::{snippets}/alerts/get-all-wrong-project/http-response.adoc[]

==== HTTP response error on MongoDB connection
include::{snippets}/si/detailed-single-historical-read-error/http-response.adoc[]

:numbered:


=== Get detailed historical evaluation

operation::qf/historical[snippets='request-parameters,curl-request,response-fields,http-response']

:numbered!:

==== HTTP response wrong project
include::{snippets}/alerts/get-all-wrong-project/http-response.adoc[]

==== HTTP response error on MongoDB connection
include::{snippets}/si/detailed-single-historical-read-error/http-response.adoc[]

:numbered:

=== Get one detailed historical evaluation

operation::metrics/historical-qf[snippets='path-parameters,request-parameters,curl-request,response-fields,http-response']

:numbered!:

==== HTTP response wrong project
include::{snippets}/alerts/get-all-wrong-project/http-response.adoc[]

==== HTTP response error on MongoDB connection
include::{snippets}/si/detailed-single-historical-read-error/http-response.adoc[]

:numbered:


=== Get detailed historical evaluation for strategic indicator

operation::qf/historical-si[snippets='path-parameters,request-parameters,curl-request,response-fields,http-response']

:numbered!:

==== HTTP response wrong project
include::{snippets}/alerts/get-all-wrong-project/http-response.adoc[]

==== HTTP response error on MongoDB connection
include::{snippets}/si/detailed-single-historical-read-error/http-response.adoc[]

:numbered:


=== Get detailed prediction evaluation

operation::qf/prediction[snippets='request-parameters,curl-request,response-fields,http-response']

:numbered!:

==== HTTP response wrong project
include::{snippets}/alerts/get-all-wrong-project/http-response.adoc[]

==== HTTP response error on MongoDB connection
include::{snippets}/si/detailed-single-historical-read-error/http-response.adoc[]

:numbered:

=== Get one detailed prediction evaluation

operation::metrics/prediction-qf[snippets='path-parameters,request-parameters,curl-request,response-fields,http-response']

:numbered!:

==== HTTP response wrong project
include::{snippets}/alerts/get-all-wrong-project/http-response.adoc[]

==== HTTP response error on MongoDB connection
include::{snippets}/si/detailed-single-historical-read-error/http-response.adoc[]

:numbered:


=== Get detailed prediction evaluation for strategic indicator

operation::qf/prediction-si[snippets='path-parameters,request-parameters,curl-request,response-fields,http-response']

:numbered!:

==== HTTP response wrong project
include::{snippets}/alerts/get-all-wrong-project/http-response.adoc[]

==== HTTP response error on MongoDB connection
include::{snippets}/si/detailed-single-historical-read-error/http-response.adoc[]

:numbered:


=== Get all quality factors

operation::qualityFactors/get-all[snippets='request-parameters,curl-request,response-fields,http-response']


=== Get one quality factor

operation::qualityFactors/get-one[snippets='path-parameters,curl-request,response-fields,http-response']


=== Add quality factor

operation::qualityFactors/new[snippets='request-parameters,curl-request,http-response']

:numbered!:
==== HTTP response assessment error
include::{snippets}/qualityFactors/new-error/http-response.adoc[]
:numbered:


=== Update quality factor

operation::qualityFactors/update[snippets='request-parameters,curl-request,http-response']

:numbered!:
==== HTTP response missing parameter
include::{snippets}/qualityFactors/update-missing-params/http-response.adoc[]

==== HTTP response data integrity violation
include::{snippets}/qualityFactors/update-data-integrity-violation/http-response.adoc[]

==== HTTP response assessment error
include::{snippets}/qualityFactors/update-assessment-error/http-response.adoc[]
:numbered:


=== Delete quality factor

operation::qualityFactors/delete-one[snippets='path-parameters,curl-request,http-response']


=== Simulate quality factors assessment

operation::qf/simulation[snippets='request-parameters,request-fields,curl-request,response-fields,http-response']

:numbered!:

==== HTTP response wrong project
include::{snippets}/alerts/get-all-wrong-project/http-response.adoc[]

==== HTTP response error on MongoDB connection
include::{snippets}/si/detailed-single-historical-read-error/http-response.adoc[]

:numbered:


=== Get quality factor categories

operation::qf/categories[snippets='request-parameters,curl-request,response-fields,http-response']


=== Set quality factor categories

operation::qf/categories-new[snippets='request-parameters,request-fields,curl-request,http-response']

:numbered!:
==== HTTP response not enough categories
include::{snippets}/qf/categories-new-error/http-response.adoc[]
:numbered:



== Metrics

=== Import metrics

operation::metrics/import[snippets='curl-request,http-response']

=== Get current evaluation

operation::metrics/current[snippets='request-parameters,curl-request,response-fields,http-response']

:numbered!:

==== HTTP response wrong project
include::{snippets}/alerts/get-all-wrong-project/http-response.adoc[]

==== HTTP response error on MongoDB connection
include::{snippets}/si/detailed-single-historical-read-error/http-response.adoc[]

:numbered:

=== Get current evaluation for students

operation::students/current[snippets='curl-request,response-fields,http-response']

:numbered:

=== Get single current evaluation

operation::metrics/single[snippets='path-parameters,request-parameters,curl-request,response-fields,http-response']

:numbered!:

==== HTTP response wrong project
include::{snippets}/alerts/get-all-wrong-project/http-response.adoc[]

==== HTTP response error on MongoDB connection
include::{snippets}/si/detailed-single-historical-read-error/http-response.adoc[]

:numbered:


=== Get historical evaluation

operation::metrics/historical[snippets='request-parameters,curl-request,response-fields,http-response']

:numbered!:

==== HTTP response wrong project
include::{snippets}/alerts/get-all-wrong-project/http-response.adoc[]

==== HTTP response error on MongoDB connection
include::{snippets}/si/detailed-single-historical-read-error/http-response.adoc[]

:numbered:


=== Get single historical evaluation

operation::metrics/single-historical[snippets='path-parameters,request-parameters,curl-request,response-fields,http-response']

:numbered!:

==== HTTP response wrong project
include::{snippets}/alerts/get-all-wrong-project/http-response.adoc[]

==== HTTP response error on MongoDB connection
include::{snippets}/si/detailed-single-historical-read-error/http-response.adoc[]

:numbered:


=== Get historical evaluation for quality factor

operation::metrics/historical-qf[snippets='path-parameters,request-parameters,curl-request,response-fields,http-response']

:numbered!:

==== HTTP response wrong project
include::{snippets}/alerts/get-all-wrong-project/http-response.adoc[]

==== HTTP response error on MongoDB connection
include::{snippets}/si/detailed-single-historical-read-error/http-response.adoc[]

:numbered:

=== Get historical evaluation for students

operation::students/historical[snippets='request-parameters,curl-request,response-fields,http-response']

:numbered:

=== Get prediction

operation::metrics/prediction[snippets='request-parameters,curl-request,response-fields,http-response']

:numbered!:

==== HTTP response wrong project
include::{snippets}/alerts/get-all-wrong-project/http-response.adoc[]

==== HTTP response error on MongoDB connection
include::{snippets}/si/detailed-single-historical-read-error/http-response.adoc[]

:numbered:


=== Get prediction for quality factor

operation::metrics/prediction-qf[snippets='path-parameters,request-parameters,curl-request,response-fields,http-response']

:numbered!:

==== HTTP response wrong project
include::{snippets}/alerts/get-all-wrong-project/http-response.adoc[]

==== HTTP response error on MongoDB connection
include::{snippets}/si/detailed-single-historical-read-error/http-response.adoc[]

:numbered:


=== Get metric categories

operation::metrics/categories[snippets='request-parameters,curl-request,response-fields,http-response']


=== Set metric categories

operation::metrics/categories-new[snippets='request-parameters,request-fields,curl-request,http-response']

:numbered!:
==== HTTP response not enough categories
include::{snippets}/metrics/categories-new-error/http-response.adoc[]
:numbered:



== Alerts


=== Get all alerts

operation::alerts/get-all[snippets='request-parameters,curl-request,http-response']

:numbered!:

==== HTTP response wrong project
include::{snippets}/alerts/get-all-wrong-project/http-response.adoc[]

:numbered:


=== Create alert

operation::alerts/add-alert[snippets='request-fields,curl-request,http-response']

:numbered!:

==== HTTP response missing body parameter
include::{snippets}/alerts/add-alert-missing-param/http-response.adoc[]

==== HTTP response wrong type
include::{snippets}/alerts/add-alert-wrong-type/http-response.adoc[]

==== HTTP response wrong affected type
include::{snippets}/alerts/add-alert-affected-wrong-type/http-response.adoc[]

==== HTTP response wrong project
include::{snippets}/alerts/add-alert-wrong-project/http-response.adoc[]

==== HTTP response wrong affected id
include::{snippets}/alerts/add-alert-affected-wrong-id/http-response.adoc[]


:numbered:


=== Count new alerts

operation::alerts/count-new[snippets='request-parameters,curl-request,http-response']

:numbered!:

==== HTTP response wrong project
include::{snippets}/alerts/count-new-wrong-project/http-response.adoc[]


:numbered:

== Feedback

=== Add new feedback

operation::feedback/add-feedback[snippets='path-parameters,request-fields,curl-request,http-response']

:numbered!:

==== HTTP response missing body parameter
include::{snippets}/feedback/add-feedback-missing-param/http-response.adoc[]

:numbered:


=== Get feedback for strategic indicator

operation::feedback/get-feedback[snippets='path-parameters,curl-request,response-fields,http-response']


=== Get feedback report for strategic indicator

operation::feedback/get-feedback-report[snippets='path-parameters,curl-request,response-fields,http-response']


== Projects

=== Import projects

operation::projects/import[snippets='curl-request,response-fields,http-response']

:numbered!:

==== HTTP response categories error
include::{snippets}/projects/import-conflict/http-response.adoc[]

==== HTTP response error on MongoDB connection
include::{snippets}/projects/import-read-error/http-response.adoc[]

:numbered:


=== Get all projects

operation::projects/all[snippets='request-parameters,curl-request,response-fields,http-response']


=== Get single project

operation::projects/single[snippets='path-parameters,curl-request,response-fields,http-response']


=== Update project

:numbered!:

==== Path parameters

include::{snippets}/projects/single/path-parameters.adoc[]

operation::projects/update[snippets='request-parts,curl-request,http-response']

==== HTTP response name already exists
include::{snippets}/projects/update-error/http-response.adoc[]

:numbered:


=== Anonymize single project

:numbered!:

==== Path parameters

include::{snippets}/projects/single-anonymize/path-parameters.adoc[]

operation::projects/single-anonymize[snippets='request-body,request-fields,curl-request,http-response']

==== HTTP response bad request
include::{snippets}/projects/single-anonymize/error-bad-request/http-response.adoc[]

==== HTTP response project not found
include::{snippets}/projects/single-anonymize/error-not-found/http-response.adoc[]

==== HTTP response project already anonymized
include::{snippets}/projects/single-anonymize/error-conflict/http-response.adoc[]

:numbered:


=== Anonymize projects

:numbered!:

operation::projects/anonymize[snippets='request-body,request-fields,curl-request,http-response']

==== HTTP response bad request
include::{snippets}/projects/anonymize/error-bad-request/http-response.adoc[]

==== HTTP response project already anonymized
include::{snippets}/projects/anonymize/error-conflict/http-response.adoc[]

:numbered:


== Products

=== Get all products

operation::products/all[snippets='curl-request,response-fields,http-response']


=== Get single product

operation::products/single[snippets='path-parameters,curl-request,response-fields,http-response']


=== New product

operation::products/add[snippets='request-parameters,request-parts,curl-request,http-response']

:numbered!:

==== HTTP response name already exists
include::{snippets}/products/add-error/http-response.adoc[]

:numbered:


=== Update product

:numbered!:

==== Path parameters

include::{snippets}/products/single/path-parameters.adoc[]

operation::products/update[snippets='request-parameters,request-parts,curl-request,http-response']

==== HTTP response name already exists
include::{snippets}/products/update-error/http-response.adoc[]

:numbered:


=== Delete product

operation::products/delete[snippets='path-parameters,curl-request,http-response']


=== Get product evaluation

operation::products/evaluation[snippets='path-parameters,curl-request,response-fields,http-response']


=== Get product detailed evaluation

operation::products/evaluation-detailed[snippets='path-parameters,curl-request,response-fields,http-response']


== Profiles

=== Get all profiles

operation::profiles/all[snippets='curl-request,response-fields,http-response']


=== Get single profile

operation::profiles/single[snippets='path-parameters,curl-request,response-fields,http-response']


=== New profile

operation::profiles/add[snippets='request-parameters,curl-request,http-response']

:numbered!:

==== HTTP response name already exists
include::{snippets}/profiles/add-error/http-response.adoc[]

:numbered:


=== Update profile

:numbered!:

==== Path parameters

include::{snippets}/products/single/path-parameters.adoc[]

operation::profiles/update[snippets='request-parameters,curl-request,http-response']

==== HTTP response name already exists
include::{snippets}/profiles/update-error/http-response.adoc[]

:numbered:


=== Delete profile

operation::profiles/delete[snippets='path-parameters,curl-request,http-response']


== Iterations

=== Get all iterations

operation::iterations/all[snippets='curl-request,response-fields,http-response']

=== Update iteration

:numbered!:

==== Path parameters

include::{snippets}/iterations/update/path-parameters.adoc[]

operation::iterations/update[snippets='request-fields,curl-request,http-response']


:numbered:

=== Delete iteration

operation::iterations/delete[snippets='path-parameters,curl-request,http-response']

== Students

=== Update student's metrics

operation::students/update[snippets='request-parameters,curl-request,http-response']

:numbered:

=== Delete student's metrics

operation::students/delete[snippets='path-parameters,curl-request,http-response']

== News (updates)

=== Get all news (updates)

operation::updates/all[snippets='curl-request,response-fields,http-response']

=== Get last year news (updates)

operation::updates/year[snippets='curl-request,response-fields,http-response']

=== Get single novetly (update)

operation::updates/single[snippets='path-parameters,curl-request,response-fields,http-response']

=== Get last novetly (update)

operation::updates/last[snippets='request-parameters,curl-request,response-fields,http-response']

=== New novelty (update)

operation::updates/new[snippets='request-parameters,curl-request,http-response']

:numbered:

=== Update novelty (update)

:numbered!:

==== Path parameters

include::{snippets}/updates/update/path-parameters.adoc[]

operation::updates/update[snippets='request-parameters,curl-request,http-response']

:numbered:

=== Delete novelty (update)

operation::updates/delete[snippets='path-parameters,curl-request,http-response']

== Others

=== Get forecasting techniques

operation::forecast/techniques[snippets='curl-request,response-fields,http-response']


=== Get project milestones

operation::milestones/get-from-date[snippets='request-parameters,curl-request,response-fields,http-response']

=== Get project phases

operation::phases/get-from-date[snippets='request-parameters,curl-request,response-fields,http-response']
